Document `genericBuild` (#157715)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/stdenv/stdenv.chapter.md

## Phases {#sec-stdenv-phases}

`stdenv.mkDerivation` sets the Nix [derivation](https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable/expressions/derivations.html#derivations)'s builder to a script that loads the stdenv `setup.sh` bash library and calls `genericBuild`. Most packaging functions rely on this default builder.

This generic command invokes a number of *phases*. Package builds are split into phases to make it easier to override specific parts of the build (e.g., unpacking the sources or installing the binaries).

Each phase can be overridden in its entirety either by setting the environment variable `namePhase` to a string containing some shell commands to be executed, or by redefining the shell function `namePhase`. The former is convenient to override a phase from the derivation, while the latter is convenient from a build script. However, typically one only wants to *add* some commands to a phase, e.g. by defining `postInstall` or `preFixup`, as skipping some of the default actions may have unexpected consequences. The default script for each phase is defined in the file `pkgs/stdenv/generic/setup.sh`.

> If you want to run all phases in `nix-shell`, you can invoke `genericBuild` yourself in the interactive shell.

Reviewer: Maybe something like:

```suggestion
While inside an interactive `nix-shell`, if you wanted to run all phases in the order they would be run in an actual build, you can invoke `genericBuild` yourself.
```

? Not sure if that's an improvement, but I feel like it's a good idea to call out that it runs it in the proper order (even if that may be understood implicitly).

Author: It's relevant for an audience who's been calling phases by hand, which is currently a large group. Thanks!
